README.md, before:

# Operating Systems Contents
1. __Banker's Algorithm__
1. __Cpu Scheduling__
    1. FCFS
    1. SJF
    1. Priority
    1. Round Robin
1. __Disk Scheduling__
    1. FCFS
    2. Scan
    3. C Scan
1. __Inter Process Communication__
    1. Reader 
    2. Writer
1. __Memory Allocation__
    1. First Fit
    1. Best Fit
    1. Worst Fit
1. __Page Replacement__
    1. LFU
    1. LRU
    1. FIFO
1. __Process In Linux__
1. __Shell Programing__
    1. Basic arithematic operations
    1. Factorial of a number
    1. Write a shell script to find the largest among the 3 given numbers
    1. Write a shell script program to develop a calculator
    1. Write a shell script to find how many terminals has this user logged in
    1. Write a shell script to reverse the contents of a file 
    1. Write a shell Script program to check whether the given number is even or odd.
    1. Shell script program to check whether given file is a directory or not
    1. Shell script program to count number of files in a Directory
    1. Shell program to reverse a number

"zos" file contains all the programs in one place.
<br>
The learning folder contains programs with algorithm.

Commit message:

made some last min changes

README.md, after:

# Operating Systems Contents
1. __Banker's Algorithm__
1. __Cpu Scheduling__
    1. FCFS
    1. SJF
    1. Priority
    1. Round Robin
1. __Disk Scheduling__
    1. FCFS
    2. Scan
    3. C Scan
1. __Inter Process Communication__
    1. Reader 
    2. Writer
1. __Memory Allocation__
    1. First Fit
    1. Best Fit
    1. Worst Fit
1. __Page Replacement__
    1. LFU
    1. LRU
    1. FIFO
1. __Process In Linux__
1. __Shell Programing__
    1. Basic arithematic operations
    1. Factorial of a number
    1. Write a shell script to find the largest among the 3 given numbers
    1. Write a shell script program to develop a calculator
    1. Write a shell script to find how many terminals has this user logged in
    1. Write a shell script to reverse the contents of a file 
    1. Write a shell Script program to check whether the given number is even or odd.
    1. Shell script program to check whether given file is a directory or not
    1. Shell script program to count number of files in a Directory
    1. Shell program to reverse a number

# Note
1. "zos" file contains all the programs in one place.

1. The learning folder contains programs with algorithm.

1. In some programs you might see 2 programs for the same topic, in that case the first program is the most relevent.
